Israeli war planes have also targeted
the area surrounding two hospitals in
The besieged
Enclave air strikes have hit near gaza's
largest hospital as well as Al's
Hospital crowds of displaced
Palestinians have been Sheltering from
Israeli bombardment inside Health
Facilities Tarak kabum has the latest
from conun in southern
Gaza it's important to mention that any
air strike in this region could C can
cause collateral damage to the
surrounding areas due to the adjacent
nature of houses inside this small uh uh
refugee camp also during the past hour
the Israeli the Israeli Air Forces
intensified its level and scale of
attacks including all different areas
inside the Gaza Strip it was heavily
bombarded we are talking about the death
casualties and the death to has rising
to more than uh 4,500 Palestinians and
more than 14,000 Palestinians were even
injured due to the Israeli ongoing
compartment this night cons considered
to be the most aggressive one that the
gazans are witnessing uh today uh the
Israeli occupation troops try to enter
the Gaza Strip in order to carry out
mainous operations uh for the Gaza
separation fence uh this separation
fence is splitting Gaza from Israeli
territories uh generally these troops
were observed by the Palestinian
fighters who managed to to prepare and
Military ampush for them and they
managed to attack two Israeli bulldozers
and Israeli tank that was shielded by
the isra by the Palestinian uh by the
Palestinian Fighters are fires also
according to the Israeli sources uh one
Israeli soldier was killed and three
others were wed due to this attack uh
similar attacks might be carried out if
there's going to be any possible ground
Invasion inside the Gaza STP uh till
this current moment there is no any uh
political decision for uh carrying out a
ground Invasion to their territory but
unless it seems that the Palestinian
Fighters inside the bes territory are
observing uh all the crossing uh all the
points on the porters waiting for
further potential ground Invasion to the
territory